+++
title = "You Are Here"
categories = [ "Project", "2005" ]
image = "/img/project/youarehere/youarehere-06.jpg"
+++

### INTRODUCTION

You Are Here Project is a multi-layered art project in which the
content of the “key” image reveals itself in a series of settings and
“installations.”

User friendly description to both Italian and English speaking people:
The You Are Here Project raises questions about the ethical, political
and cultural voids of contemporary society.

The Internet has given us a planet without borders. At the same time,
and in contrast, the major nation-states modify their political
strategies to create self-limiting reactionary ideologies and
lifestyles.

In the You Are Here Project, the red reference “spots” move. Thus the
reference points shift and lose their geographical coordinates and as
such are points of reference that are continually in flux.

In Venice the You Are Here Project reference point “spots” are in
visible motion on T-shirts, shopping bags, stickers and flyers. The
reference point spots exist and move in other real and “virtual”
locations.

In the Rome installation at MACRO (Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome)
the “spots” move in mirrored reflections. On the internet they are
manifest in a location-less “virtual gallery”, video installation and
still imagery.

As in You Are Here we can only assume the effect, the red final point,
while the cause may vary and therefore remains both omnipresent and
undetermined. In life there is no objective reality, there are many
different truths.

### Work in progress

#### Cos’è Lorem Ipsum?

Lorem Ipsum è un testo segnaposto utilizzato nel settore della
tipografia e della stampa. Lorem Ipsum è considerato il testo
segnaposto standard sin dal sedicesimo secolo, quando un anonimo
tipografo prese una cassetta di caratteri e li assemblò per preparare
un testo campione. È sopravvissuto non solo a più di cinque secoli, ma
anche al passaggio alla videoimpaginazione, pervenendoci
sostanzialmente inalterato. Fu reso popolare, negli anni ’60, con la
diffusione dei fogli di caratteri trasferibili “Letraset”, che
contenevano passaggi del Lorem Ipsum, e più recentemente da software
di impaginazione come Aldus PageMaker, che includeva versioni del
Lorem Ipsum.

